feat: upgrade documentation (#1555)
stellio-hub/stellio-context-broker: README.md

The version number is obtained during the build process by using the `version` information in the `build.gradle.kts` file.

## Usage

> You can follow the [API walkthrough](https://github.com/stellio-hub/stellio-docs/blob/master/docs/API_walkthrough.md) to have a tutorial on Stellio's API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the [API walkthrough](https://github.com/stellio-hub/stellio-docs/blob/master/docs/API_walkthrough.md) to have a tutorial on the NGSI-LD API implemented by Stellio.
```
